docs(legacy): added legacy documentation that was removed earlier (#3494)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/reactors/block_sync/reactor.md

Reviewer: I would rename it to `README.md`.

> # Blockchain Reactor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# BlockSync Reactor
```

The Blockchain Reactor's high level responsibility is to enable peers who are
far behind the current state of the consensus to quickly catch up by downloading
many blocks in parallel, verifying their commits, and executing them against the
ABCI application.

> Tendermint full nodes run the Blockchain Reactor as a service to provide blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CometBFT full nodes run the BlockSync Reactor as a service to provide blocks
```

> to new nodes. New nodes run the Blockchain Reactor in "fast_sync" mode,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to new nodes. New nodes run the BlockSync Reactor in "block_sync" mode,
```

where they actively make requests for more blocks until they sync up.

> Once caught up, "fast_sync" mode is disabled and the node switches to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once caught up, "block_sync" mode is disabled and the node switches to
```

using (and turns on) the Consensus Reactor.

> ## Message Types

Reviewer: We should replace by the protobuf version of them here.

```go
type Pool {
  mtx                Mutex
  requesters         map[int64]*Requester
  height             int64
  peers              map[p2p.ID]*Peer
  maxPeerHeight      int64
  numPending         int32
  store              BlockStore
  requestsChannel    chan<- BlockRequest
  errorsChannel      chan<- peerError
}
```

Peer data structure stores for each peer current `height` and number of pending requests sent to the peer (`numPending`), etc.

```go
type Peer struct {
  id           p2p.ID
  height       int64
  numPending   int32
  timeout      *time.Timer
  didTimeout   bool
}
```

BlockRequest is internal data structure used to denote current mapping of request for a block at some `height` to a peer (`PeerID`).

```go
type BlockRequest {
  Height int64
  PeerID p2p.ID
}
```

### Receive routine of Blockchain Reactor

It is executed upon message reception on the BlockchainChannel inside p2p receive routine. There is a separate p2p receive routine (and therefore receive routine of the Blockchain Reactor) executed for each peer. Note that try to send will not block (returns immediately) if outgoing buffer is full.

> ```go

Reviewer: Too much low level, I'd say.
